---
layout: default
title: "About Me"
tags: aboutme
---


### **Hello! I’m Ha Bin Cho, a passionate individual with a diverse background and a keen interest in technology, sustainability, and the energy sector. Let me share a bit more about myself:**

## Education

I completed my Bachelor of Science in Information System Management at the University of Applied Science Dortmund.
Currently, I’m pursuing my Master of Science in International Business with a specialization in Information Management and Business Intelligence at Maastricht University.

## Life

Originally from Seoul, South Korea, I’ve spent most of my life in Germany, where I was raised. This unique blend of cultures has shaped my perspective and enriched my experiences. Currently I am living in the Netherlands where I pursue my Master's degree.

## Language Skills

I’m fluent in both German and English, allowing me to communicate effectively across borders.
My proficiency in Korean is average, but I continue to improve.

## Hobbies

When I’m not immersed in my studies or work, you’ll find me:
- Cycling: Exploring scenic routes and enjoying the freedom of the open road.
- Badminton: A sport that keeps me active and sharp.
- Music: Whether playing an instrument or discovering new tunes, music is my escape.
- Fashion: I appreciate style and love experimenting with different looks.

## Professional Interests

My curiosity extends to the following areas:
- Energy Sector: I’m fascinated by the evolving landscape of renewable energy and sustainable practices.
- Digitalization: Exploring how technology transforms industries and enhances efficiency.
- IT: From coding to big data topics, I thrive on staying up-to-date with technological advancements. I also have experience in both coding and data analysis & visualizations.

