---
layout: default
title: "Curriculum Vitae"
tags: professional aboutme
---


## I see you are showing interest on my "professional" life as well! Here you go!!

## <a name="Inline"></a>EDUCATION
### **EWHA Womans University, Seoul, South Korea**
#### Exchange Semester March 2025 – June 2025
- Voluntary Exchange after finishing my Master's requirements at Maastricht University School of Business and Economics

### **MAASTRICHT UNIVERSITY, SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS Maastricht, Netherlands**
#### Pre-master & M.Sc. INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 2023 – TODAY
- Specialization: Information Management and Business Intelligence
- Overall GPA for the Pre-master: 8.12***
- Active Member of SCOPE Maastricht, the official study association of SBE and the second biggest study association in Europe (Database and Marketing Committee).

### **UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES AND ARTS DORTMUND Dortmund, Germany**
#### B.Sc. BUSINESS INFORMATICS 2018 – 2023
- Overall GPA: 3.1* (1.9**)
- Project work: Energy Monitoring to Detect and Avoid Bottlenecks in the Low-Voltage Grid (Grade: 1.0**)
- Bachelor thesis: Concept Development for Digital Accessibility of Dashboard Applications (Grade: 1.3**)

### **GYMNASIUM WILDESHAUSEN Wildeshausen, Germany**
#### Specialized A-Levels / Technical baccalaureate 2008 – 2017
- Deputy Pupil Representative
- School representative in the district of Oldenburg
- Member of the Student Council

## <a name="Inline"></a>WORK & LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
### **Deloitte Germany, Germany**
#### Deloitte is one of the largest auditing and consulting firms with a broad range of services in auditing, tax & legal, consulting and risk advisory.
#### Working Student July 2014 - TODAY
- Risk Advisory / Cyber / Emerging Technologies

### **SCOPE Maastricht Maastricht, Netherlands**
#### Active member of the Database & Marketing Committee 2024 – TODAY
- Planning and execution of a database to centralize existing data within Scope.
- Responsible for the Marketing of Scope.

### **WESTNETZ GMBH Dortmund, Germany**
#### (Largest distribution system operator for electricity and gas in Germany)
#### Working Student 2021 – 2023
- Worked on the digitalization of the low-voltage electricity grid <a href="https://www.westnetz.de/content/dam/revu-global/westnetz/documents/ueber-westnetz/unser-unternehmen/westnetz-wir-bewegen-energie-2023.pdf">(Netzbetrieb 4.0)</a>
- Created a concept for the data-structure of the measurement data to be imported in a cloud.
- Developed a visualization application of the measurement data for power-grid planners.

### **HA BIN CHO Wildeshausen, Germany**
#### Retail of collector items with a focus on fashion and art.
#### Self-employed 2020 – TODAY
- Conducted thorough market analysis to identify trends, opportunities, and potential challenges in the fashion industry.
- Managed all aspects of invoicing and accounting, ensuring accurate financial records and timely payments.

### **DIAKONIE HIMMELSTHÜR e.V. Wildeshausen, Germany**
#### Service provider for people with assistance needs.
#### Volunteer (Full-time) 2017 – 2018
- Worked with people with severe physical and mental disabilities.
- Planning and accompanying trips and events.

## <a name="Inline"></a>SKILLS, ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS
**Languages:** Fluent in German and English, Conversational proficiency in Korean, Basic knowledge in French

**Technical Skills:** Java, mySQL, KQL, JavaScript, Python, HTML & CSS, (e)EPK, SPSS, R, Adobe Photoshop

**Activities:** Member of the badminton association of Maastricht University, road cycling, music & art

**Interests:** Sports (badminton and road cycling), music and movies/shows

## <a name="Inline"></a>ACHIEVEMENTS
Time magazine’s “Person Of The Year” in 2006

(* Grade conversion according to <a href="https://www.rwth-aachen.de/global/show_document.asp?id=aaaaaaaaaamlewj">RWTH Aachen’s guidelines</a>, ** German grading system, *** Dutch grading system)

[[Top]](#top)
